[LegacyBridge] Clearify scope of support for Legacy bridge on eZ Platform 1.x and 2.x (#901)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/migrating/legacy_bridge.md

# Legacy Bridge

Legacy Bridge integrates eZ Publish Legacy into eZ Platform. It is an enhanced & optimized version of LegacyBundle that where part of eZ Publish 5.x,
providing some more features to simplify work on code migration to eZ Platform.

Legacy Bridge v1 is supported on eZ Platform 1.13LTS, and Legacy Bridge v2 is supported with 2.5LTS _(recommended)_.
_NOTE: Will not be supported on eZ Platform v3 due to future plans to enhance storage engine and other parts of the architecture._

### Installation

> Installation is described in the bundle in [INSTALL.md](https://github.com/ezsystems/LegacyBridge/blob/1.5/INSTALL.md).

Author: For 2.5 branch merge:
```suggestion
Installation is described in the bundle in [INSTALL.md](https://github.com/ezsystems/LegacyBridge/blob/master/INSTALL.md).
```

#### Upgrade to 2.x

> When upgrading from eZ Publish 5.x, or from eZ Platform 1.x + legacy bridge, see [doc/upgrade/2.0.md](https://github.com/ezsystems/LegacyBridge/blob/master/doc/upgrade/2.0.md#from-1x-to-20) for smaller code adaptions.

Author: This section should be skipped on 1.13

> When upgrading from eZ Publish 5.x, or from eZ Platform 1.x + legacy bridge, see [doc/upgrade/2.0.md](https://github.com/ezsystems/LegacyBridge/blob/master/doc/upgrade/2.0.md#from-1x-to-20) for smaller code adaptions.

Author: This section should be skipped on 1.13
